Atlas Edit Proposal — 2026-06-08 (#255)
makerdao/next-gen-atlas: content/A/1/10/2/7/1/1/2/3/document.md

---
id: 2c825419-d9a7-4da7-97b8-29e2c8b515a4
docNo: A.1.10.2.7.1.1.2.3
name: Initialization Script Requirements
type: Core
depth: 9
childType: sections_and_primary_docs
---

###### A.1.10.2.7.1.1.2.3 - Initialization Script Requirements [Core]

Initialization scripts must satisfy the following requirements:

> - The initialization library must be directly importable by a compliant Spell without modifications. The execution context of the library is expected to be the relevant Governance proxy.

Reviewer: Content analysis of amendments regarding logical consistency, systemic loopholes, and linguistics: [Notion](https://sky-proposal-analysis.notion.site/Atlas-Edit-Weekly-Cycle-Proposal-2026-06-15-37ea66bbb6b8802281e5cfa68ee5a1a8). 

```suggestion
- The initialization library must be directly importable by a compliant Spell without modifications. The execution context of the library shall strictly be restricted to the relevant Governance proxy.
```
